INTUITION
In this approach, we are going to use the concept of the prefix sum to solve this problem. Here, the prefix sum of a subarray ending at index i simply means the sum of all the elements of that subarray.

OBSERVATION:
Assume, the prefix sum of a subarray ending at index i is x. In that subarray, we will search for another subarray ending at index i, whose sum equals k. Here, we need to observe that if there exists another subarray ending at index i with sum k, then the prefix sum of the rest of the subarray will be x-k.

Now, for a subarray ending at index i with the prefix sum x, if we remove the part with the prefix sum x-k, we will be left with the part whose sum is equal to k. And that is what we want.

Now, there may exist multiple subarrays with the prefix sum x-k. So, the number of subarrays with sum k that we can generate from the entire subarray ending at index i, is exactly equal to the number of subarrays with the prefix sum x-k, that we can remove from the entire subarray.

That is why, instead of searching the subarrays with sum k, we will keep the occurrence of the prefix sum of the subarrays using a map data structure. 

In the map, we will store every prefix sum calculated, with its occurrence in a <key, value> pair. Now, at index i, we just need to check the map data structure to get the number of times that the subarrays with the prefix sum x-k occur. Then we will simply add that number to our answer.

We will apply the above process for all possible indices of the given array. The possible values of the index i can be from 0 to n-1(where n = size of the array).


APPROACH:
The steps are as follows:
1. First, we will declare a map to store the prefix sums and their counts.
2. Then, we will set the value of 0 as 1 on the map.
3. Then we will run a loop(say i) from index 0 to n-1(n = size of the array).
4. For each index i, we will do the following:
    - We will add the current element i.e. arr[i] to the prefix sum.
    - We will calculate the prefix sum i.e. x-k, for which we need the occurrence.
    - We will add the occurrence of the prefix sum x-k i.e. mpp[x-k] to our answer.
    - Then we will store the current prefix sum in the map increasing its occurrence by 1.